spark is at it again with his slightly
luminescent hi
tarant sparkling up our screens it's
going to be facing off against the
plague champion of
novice who is fittingly a
novice looking very cool with the of
Vash skin
here only one heretic eh I wonder if he
knows that he's fighting a hive tant
double csm's pretty common against the
HT pretty
common not super common but pretty
common I think both are
legitimate any other tyranid hero you
definitely want double heretic
against if you're the plague Champion
you you've got more
leeway cuz you've got that extra little
bit of focus fire early
on I like the fast reaction from Sparky
to get the other turers
out doesn't want to bleed
them that said he you know with a hi T
and double termers he should be able to
win this fight against a tick in a PC
quite easy High T just goes in ties up
the PC and the ter is pew pew and you're
good to
go uh he's not watching he's not
watching his half
turn he'll gobble up a few Heretics but
then he'll have to leave and he's got to
remember to leave earlier than he
normally would because of the damage
over time from the plague
Champion yeah that's all
right should just kill these ticks
n Nom n n Nom silly Heretics Yep they're
gone and the CSM and the hommers here
just evaded one another so double hmer
double termer that's a pretty decent
build for the hive
tant yeah and it is going to be double
CSM you're going to have to get another
heretic Squad Give it the AC
but a havoc in the meantime would also
be
okay and warriors I would go for the the
raveners to be honest and then get
improved synapse the raveners would
cover you in case
a Havoc comes out quite
fast and then you get nice Synergy with
your hi T because improved synapse Buffs
the raveners and all the
gauns
war so chaos is going to have a bit of
trouble here dealing with the sheer
speed and quantity of capping power that
the tyranids
have they're going to have to blob quite
a lot in this sort of section of the map
here and here it's where the unit should
be the majority of the
time and just get to tier two and then
things can change in tier two when they
get their zinch chaos Space Marine
Online this guy can turn into a oneman
army with the Power Fist the armor of
pestilence and the icon of nurgle and
you get some chosen plague Marines you
get some chaos dreadnots which you can
heal with Nal worship yeah that'll be
good but for now as you can see the
chaos units are isolated and they just
get ran over by melee so it's a
problem no Jens either I don't know why
what's he waiting for does he want
Raptors no going Raptors against this
would be suicide against a h tant double
armor
Warriors but he's not getting anything
so I'm not really sure what he wants to
be
honest I suspect that novice doesn't
know himself what he should be going for
he definitely should be replacing the oh
God he's going
Raptors I thought so when he wasn't
dropping the gens he had enough
requisition to get anything else constru
but yeah that's that's very
stupid this is stupid as well hmer
engaging way too early there you want
the Warriors to go in first because
they're heavy infantry so they don't
take anywhere near as much damage from
the bolters they knock the enemy over
and then the homers running the homers
the
dpsu so he should have pulled those
homers back a bit while the warriors
were running in when the CSM turned to
shoot the Warriors then the HS can come
back in but yeah CSM quite robust
Warriors themselves not that high in
damage they do manage to kill a marine
there but Los a war model themselves for
it oh that's a nice rap to
jump the other homon is too busy idling
over
there so turant right now not really
very effective cuz everything's heavy
infantry except the plague Champion so
their main purpose is to focus down the
plague Champion wow is he really going
double Raptors holy [__] Spar is trying
to win this game in tier one boys
he is trying to win in tier one this is
a big
army six unit tier
one
ni well these hos going to have to get
out of there I'm going to be bleeding a
lot they can't commit to fighting the
CSM when Raptors are
nearby
yeah I
I mean all this melee should absolutely
Stomp the Raptors it really should
obviously the Raptor's main purpose here
will be jumping onto
termans wow that was an unnecessary
Retreat
God I mean you know the vast majority of
their forces are here if the Raptors get
the jump on an isolated homon Squad
they'll they'll definitely win I mean
they probably don't even need to get the
jump they can probably just a move into
a homon squad and win quite
easy so it's not terrible but in general
they should get shut down pretty hard
and just the tyranus should win in
melee yeah this is
B uh there's no harmers so that's a
thing
but even without the hormas man holy
crap look at the damage from the hi T
the Warriors second Warrior jumps in
that's a dead Raptor and look at the
damage they inflicted like it's just
negligible to the actual strength of
this Force okay they did get chip on
this Warrior and they did Kill models
off the termer is it worth it though for
losing a raptor no and they still
ultimately have been soundly defeated
and they can't even win against these
tyranids in another fight so yeah this
is the problem with the
Raptors he needs to have something to
protect this blob this blob can go
forward and poke at the nids and do a
lot of really good damage but then they
just charge you in melee or they have
like a Barb Strangler Warrior brood and
it'll shut you down but if you had a
Havoc back here it would you know
layering your CSM to protect them from
the melee Rush you'd be good but he
doesn't and so the Warriors just move
forward and the CSM are
routed I mean it's a bit of an overc
commitment because he's so close to the
enemy's base here is Sparky but
still didn't have to retreat both of the
teras
there could have put some pressure on
that plague
Champion hmer over here doing their
thing and Sparky in spite of the six
unit tier one is going to get to tier
two first which is kind of Bonkers the
funny thing is he's behind on VPS so
don't for long at this R it's going to
be a Triple cap
against Mr novice we are losing a
supply no War gear I need
hero I wonder what this tier 2 choice is
going to be for Sparky certainly these
units that novice has are going to scale
very well into tier
2 but so will the war brud though they
go for adrenal
glands but yeah Double zinch K Space
Marines even one zinch and one Mar Conn
could be pretty good got to turn this
guy into the oneman army I think and uh
K dreadnut would be pretty good I'm sure
especially since you've got Raptors they
could jump on any Venom BR that comes in
then you get the one man army plague
champion and they can run into a Venom
brood tie up while the sea dread does
some good damage with its Auto Cannon
you got one orx swarm one adrenal gland
Warrior
brood we are losing a requisition PL to
the
enemy just looking at the difference in
HP there between the Forex swarm and the
adrenal gland it is pretty
huge what's the uh the buff 20% on Forex
swarm 65% on a junal CL wow
yeah wow Sparky really is just spamming
melee right
now that is literally his game plan I
don't know what novice is
doing okay he got one mark of Z and he's
got one he's going for armor of
pestilence now in general he just needs
more [__] that's what novice needs he is
so dramatically outnumbered and I know
it's fitting when the tyranids are
dramatically outnumbering you but for
God's sake this is
ridiculous
yeah I mean we're seeing it over and
over aren't we just the melee Rush can't
be stopped there's too much durability
on these Warriors there's too many nids
and he needs better tools to deal with
that in his chosen plague Marines he
needed a havoc in tier one to Zone them
out
he needs to get the Power Fist not the
plague
sword forget the bloody plague sword I
mean it's all right it's fine I guess to
be honest it probably does do more
damage than the power a lot of the time
I'm not sure they should probably run
some numbers on that
thing it's so it's 50 melee DPS but it
ignores Mele
resist I don't remember what the DPS is
on the Power Fist is it about 80 so 80
DPS power fist would only do 60% damage
so it would actually only be rocking 48
DPS yeah which would be inferior to 50
DPS and this thing has power
melee so maybe the maybe the pl sword is
actually better than the power F NS the
only disadvantage there is that you
can't kill T guard that goes into Shield
wall the other advantage of the Power
Fist is the ability on it which does the
AOE
stun which has particular Synergy with
the icon of nural which does damage over
time when you're near the
PC so if he stuns you in place what the
hell was that over
there weird light lighting
effect if he stuns you in place for a
generation and you're taking damage over
time throughout that period it's a nice
little Synergy got a blood Crusher I'm
not sure what that's going to do there's
no melee resist in a blood Crusher these
guys doing heavy melee will pull it to
pieces and there's just too much damage
I think in general I mean he doesn't
have a heretic
so yeah that's going to be a problem for
the blood Crusher when there's no
heretic can't heal well I mean it it
can't heal in combat easily you can
still repair it with a plague champion
let's see how much this plague sord does
to the hi tur then yeah it's nice chunks
nice chunks out of the tankiest tier one
hero in the
game but look at this man again the Z
Marines AR even getting the opportunity
to fire okay now they are wait what the
[__] was that
Sparky he just sees the blood Crusher
along side Raptors which don't even have
their aspiring Champion nearby and he
just all X's what the [__] all right 10
wasn't anx cuz the Gen didn't retreat
but still that is so unnecessary he
could have easily won that fight the
hmer definitely should not have turned
around to fight the Raptors they should
have just individually gone onto the the
CSM and shut them
up with their adrenal glands I'm sure
they would easily win that
fight look at these sneaky little Gene
Steelers they've got their rending
talons so they are heavy melee so I'm a
bit concerned for the blood Crusher
right
now let's see how fast this thing melts
oh my God y it's got no melee resist
remember it does a raar there to try and
dissuade them and it
does they
Retreat obviously no synapse for these
[Music]
guys okay
do we have the icon of nle I don't see
it no he's going for mucus n [__] that
is literally the worst Choice he could
have gone for why the heck is there a
Venom Cannon right now just to counter a
stupid blood Crusher that you can kill
in melee with power
melee I mean these can you imagine the
damage from the on of nurgle right now
constantly hitting all these guys oh God
it'd be so good you get so much XP on
your plague champ en be
mental but he's gone for mucus discharge
to heal the Raptors which have done
nothing look man I know you might think
you need more melee cuz the tyranid are
scary in melee but honestly just don't
you don't even want to fight them in
melee it's just not a good idea chosen
plague Marines and blood leers are the
best option for it chosen plague Marines
are
amazing con Marines can help but they
need support they can't be on their
room now he goes for the heretic we are
but spar's tier three so spar's going to
be able to get a hi tant out not hi tant
bloody out a can affix I just looking at
the hi tant and I'm so shocked about the
Venom Cannon it's just totally
unnecessary he could have got the
crushing
claws turned the turn into a mini carif
effect that would have been perfectly
fine wow that special attack come on
novice you've got a
micro oh a bioplasma [__] hell that
was
random I did not expect that I didn't
even realize he bought that very
random and the bonded exoskeleton for J
ability which he hasn't
used the
invulnerability
neuro
okay I mean I think I'd have just gone
for a lior to be honest like this Army
of sparkies is so Superior to novices it
is unbelievable the Raptors just got
[__] annihilated there is a noxious
Cloud that's been called down here on
top of the plague champion who did go
down it doesn't even get the harmers man
[__] hell
yeah I mean novice is just completely
screwed they are tier three but what
they're going to do I'm not sure there
is a neur rer up now on the field which
we be able to counter any Terminators
that come you already have the Venom
Cannon present for a
tank and a bit of melee with the Jean
Steelers that are hiding in here I mean
the size of Sparky's Army right now is
absolutely ridiculous he's got six units
plus GS plus neur he's got seven he's
got eight units plus the hive tant
versus four the
novice Christ double ter is just should
be focusing on the plague Champion the
entire
time these markers each have done
nothing they're in the wrong spots all
the
time and they just they get isolated and
then they just get jumped
on
so it's not very
effective bors need to just jump on this
blood pressure they've got the electro
shock grub as well oh they got knocked
over by the blood Crusher charge hyar
should just force melee chase down this
Blood
Crusher what's he
doing no no the bioplasma on the h t is
anti- infantry only it is a bit
confusing the bioplasma on the Venom
Canon canif effects does really good AV
damage but on the on the hi tant it's
only anti-infantry
don't ask why cuz I don't
know it is a bit confusing that I
suppose
support wonder if we can call it a
different thing on the the Venom Cannon
canif
effects cuz that was a good skill shot
he hit it beautifully while it was
moving
fortunately that doesn't do well with
this
one a land Raider four
boss uh would you go a land raid foros
here or would you go a goo I think a goo
would oh no there's a Neo forian
Steelers yeah you probably don't go goo
after to go fobos cuz of that neuro that
paroxysm that we see right now dropped
in the Cs M does percentage based damage
oh god that bioplasma hurt [__]
hell oh wow
to Oh The Blood Crusher charge killed
his own CSM he was trying to save them
from the melee and he trash for and
killed his own boys [__] me
these Heretics are dumb yo they're
dumb these are dumb
Heretics this is what you get when you
join the Dark Gods n not really it's
only what you get when you worship
nurgle and not know for their
intelligence them nurgle
Lads if you worship slanesh you'll be
all good you'll be perfect trust
me novice has got a land Raider Phobos
somehow in spite of this map control
dominance Sparky never did Bash the
generators of novice and so he has a
land for B has 100 points
remaining some good initial hits there
on the hi tant chunking him down
Heretics need to stay way back because
they are going to be needed for repairs
here
now the beautiful thing with the F boss
is your annoying percentage based damage
there on the neuro FR isn't going to be
a problem because it's psychic damage
which doesn't hurt
Vehicles not a lot
anyway Tyrant guard in tier three does
spuy even have the
pop no I don't think he does I he hasn't
got the pop for canoun effect that's so
funny he's got too many gauns
but the hommers should just be
constantly pressuring down here there's
nothing to stop him there's only one CSM
Squad how are they going to deal with
double hmas as you can see not very
well we could have like one Warrior
guarding over
here to stop side capping if the genan
Stealers can get into meley with a f
boss they will tear it to Pieces
especially if they're in melee synapse
as well
yeah not not um in M Mele synapse Mele
synapse does not increase melee damage
it's only melee skill and
health fair
enough but yeah it makes them more
durable at least a lot more durable o a
turret behind the four boss I like that
play but this turret isn't suppressing
it's taking so long and the hi turret is
just going to slay the wood Crusher but
the zinch Marines focusing on the
Warriors right there we also have CPM
chosen plague Marines where is the
plague Champion
himself is he inside the for boss oh my
God he needs to get out oh yeah it's
just getting it's getting ripped apart
in
melee Dre still has got forced off but
the Warriors still in play the tant
guard Chop Chop chopp in and nothing was
dealing with a high tant plague Champion
should have ran over and tied him up in
melee man this oh the turret's not in
the right direction oh for [__]
sake man the plague Champion turret
sucks just does no
damage it's really good with the last
Cannon but yeah the the heavy B version
is really
crap they were fighting right in its
face
is yeah now the plague Champion is going
to die but he might oh wow didn't even
claim the Hy T CPM should grab him
though yeah but there's still the neuro
in play draining this guy's energy right
now guard's got to be careful but it can
go into Shield while here these guys
only do power melee and piercing damage
on
the the
ability the damage of the
time homers what are you doing go after
the CSM
homers they're going to get hurt by the
blast yeah I was going to
say wow and then there's obnoxious Cloud
too what on Earth but you're seeing how
effective the CPM are if he got them in
tier 2 he would have been in such a
better situation
if he had a Havoc from tier one instead
of Raptors and he got CPM out he could
have definitely held off all this
melee and honestly the PC did fine with
the plague sword that was all right
mucus discharge is pointless though
definitely should have had icon of
[Music]
Nole and I don't even know he should be
just getting a predator I
think or terminators
he could go terminat lightning CL
Terminators I mean you know ultimately
whatever novice gets right now he's kind
of screwed cuz he's so far behind what
you don't get though is you don't get a
great and clean one with Jean
Steelers a hive T and uro thr a great
and clean one would be terrible cuz the
great and clean one's super heavy
infantry so the percentage damage from
the EUR would be pretty brutal against
it I mean that would also be good
against Terminators but at least
Terminators can
teleport I
guess it's a
problem yeah the neur frope is very
strong
he going for a
predator that's fine I guess
but I don't know how he's going to deal
with a hi Tyrant he's got nothing to tie
it up in melee really I mean you know
he's got PC and CPM but he's just got
too few units you
know
complete so here's the Predator no AV
here right now well the Tyrant guard is
here needs to charge the
FR he going after Z Marines right now T
guard might be in
trouble PL chump still in play look at
him ripping through turant
man but again tie up the hive tant my
dude why is the Tyrant guard not hitting
the Predator when it's right next to it
and now the Predator is driving into the
the warrior brood with a Forex swamp so
it should get Electro shot
rubbed the hi T is shooting CPM right
now oh my God guys what are you doing
wake
up [__] shooting CPM when the
Predator's in his
ass
Jesus wow
come Terminators Predators walking right
into a Venom Cannon Venom Cannon backs
off for no FR reason that because the
predator predator doesn't react to the
Venom Cannon the neuro did go down to
the CPM it's just going to get
replaced honestly Sparky could have just
got us swarm long how Sparky is not
further up in VPS I'm not entirely sure
but certainly this is a large factor in
it why does he need both these units
guarding this VP gen Stealers will be
fine to deal with any
Marines just send the hogon down to this
natural constantly spy should have been
doing this for
ages strikes
honestly how novice has pulled this one
out for as long as he has is truly
Beyond
me I think Sparky has issues shutting
games out he's not quite sure how to
shut the games out definitely with his
other game Advantage not putting any
pressure onto these Farms was
inexcusable he had many opportunities
and he could have could have ended this
in tier one for sure
scared man scared of the plague Marines
he doesn't want to fight him but he
could have just he could have just moved
around the back and still put pressure
on so Terminator are going to be very
aggressive and teleport forward to dodge
the proxic ism I mean they F St the
neuro it's not
terrible now they can get onto the
mid the enemy has destroyed our
stru Sparky might want to rotate those
Gene sealers that's a lot of melee DPS
that he's not utilizing right now and he
really doesn't need both squads on the
sidelines plus he can see the CSM are
here so why why leave the homers over
there
too okay he's bling up his
army I'm going to get one final fight
there's a carif effect coming on rout
but man there's only 13 VPS anyway yeah
Terminators are in way over their heads
right now peroxy ISM dropped on them too
there is a plague Marine here plague
Champion sorry but [__] me the DPS is
insane I mean look you fighting a whole
Army of melean nids with peroxisome on
top of you you are more than screwed
brother yeah CSM for no apparent reason
are walking forward into
melee oh dear dear oh dear oh
dear oh
dear I love it the Terminator is
attacking the
tower because that is the priority right
now for this
Terminator to take out that Tower well
you did it lad you did
it thank you for donning the Terminator
armor today what an impostor who is this
guy who somehow got Terminator
armor fing
out yeah chosen plague Marines did
absolutely
amazing though they are now getting
flipped around by Dre Steelers and bed
but yeah I think they were the MVP for
novice but that is going to be that what
a a crazy game
uh don't really have any more words than
that
guys he's got going for another
for Oh
Brother G G indeed
brother
congratul how the [__] Sparky only has
29 VPS at the end of this I don't know
Sparky seriously dude you've got to work
on hitting that natural cuz you were way
ahead in terms of military power and
combat and unit numbers you could have
been on his natural all game long
long dang there's no way you should have
been down at 29 VPS that's for sure
anyway folks that's all from your boy
toppp of this time I am signing out
[Music]